Adding examples (#47)
GSK-Biostatistics/beastt: README.md

[![CRAN
status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/beastt)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=beastt)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/beastt/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/GSK-Biostatistics/beastt/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)

<!-- badges: end -->

## Overview

Welcome to the “beastt” package! This R package is designed to assist
users in performing Bayesian dynamic borrowing with covariate adjustment
via inverse probability weighting for simulations and data analyses in
clinical trials.

## Installation

You can install the development version of {beastt} from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("GSK-Biostatistics/beastt")
```

## Usage

> At the moment {beastt} covers normal and binomial cases for more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment {beastt} covers cases when borrowing from external control data with either normal or binary endpoints.
```

> information see the vingettes. We are looking to add survival and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the vignettes. Future updates are expected to include cases
```

> repeated measure cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with survival endpoints and repeated measure.
```
